Fix GetIndicatorDBotScoreFromCache to handle better a special character (#31070)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_12_49.md

#### Scripts

##### GetIndicatorDBotScoreFromCache

> - Fixed an issue where a special character didn't work with searchIndicators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the command failed when providing indicator values with special characters.
```
